Update Service Bus migration guide to follow template (#18019)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/servicebus/Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus/MigrationGuide.md

### Cross Service SDK improvements

The modern Service Bus client library also provides the ability to share in some of the cross-service improvements made to the Azure development experience, such as

- Using the new Azure.Identity library to share a single authentication approach between clients
- A unified logging and diagnostics pipeline offering a common view of the activities across each of the client libraries

### New features

We have a variety of new features in the version 7 of the Service Bus library.
- Ability to create a batch of messages with the smarter `ServiceBusSender.CreateMessageBatch()` and `ServiceBusMessageBatch.TryAddMessage()` APIs. This will help you manage the messages to be sent in the most optimal way.

> - Ability to receive messages from a given set of sessions. Previously, you could only recieve from one specificed session or receive from a session as determined by the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ability to process messages continuously from a given set of sessions. Previously, when registering a session message handler, it was not possible to restrict to a specific session or a specific set of sessions. This is now possible when using the `ServiceBusSessionProcessor`.
```
